httk
==============================

Using chemical structure information to develop predictive models for in vitro toxicokinetic parameters to inform high throughput risk-assessment. https://doi.org//10.1016/j.comtox.2020.100136.

Notebooks are provided to showcase how to run predictions of the models using pickle model files. Note inputs needed to be generated by third party software KNIME (www.knime.com) and OPERA v2.6 (see https://github.com/kmansouri/OPERA). ToxPrints can be downloaded from the EPA CompTox Chemicals Dashboard using the Batch (as TSV/CSV) Download functionality or generated using the publicly available Chemotyper tool (see chemotyper.org/downloads).A sample KNIME workflow file is provided for reference.

If you are a conda user: install all the packages from the environment.yml file by running

conda env create -f environment.yml
To activatre the environment use the conda activate command:
conda activate httk

If you are using jupyter lab you will need to install a new IPython kernelspec

python -m ipykernel install --user --name httk --display-name "httk"

Project Organization
------------

    ├── LICENSE
    ├── Makefile           <- Makefile with commands like `make data` or `make train`
    ├── README.md          <- The top-level README for developers using this project.
    ├── data
    │   ├── external       <- Data from third party sources.
    │   ├── interim        <- Intermediate data that has been transformed.
    │   ├── processed      <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
    │   └── raw            <- The original, immutable data dump.
    │
    ├── docs               <- A default Sphinx project; see sphinx-doc.org for details
    │
    ├── models             <- Trained and serialized models, model predictions, or model summaries
    │
    ├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks. Naming convention is a number (for ordering),
    │                         the creator's initials, and a short `-` delimited description, e.g.
    │                         `1.0-jqp-initial-data-exploration`.
    │
    ├── references         <- Data dictionaries, manuals, and all other explanatory materials.
    │
    ├── reports            <- Generated analysis as HTML, PDF, LaTeX, etc.
    │   └── figures        <- Generated graphics and figures to be used in reporting
    │
    ├── requirements.txt   <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment, e.g.
    │                         generated with `pip freeze > requirements.txt`
    │
    ├── setup.py           <- makes project pip installable (pip install -e .) so src can be imported
    ├── src                <- Source code for use in this project.
    │   ├── __init__.py    <- Makes src a Python module
    │   │
    │   ├── data           <- Scripts to download or generate data
    │   │   └── make_dataset.py
    │   │
    │   ├── features       <- Scripts to turn raw data into features for modeling
    │   │   └── build_features.py
    │   │
    │   ├── models         <- Scripts to train models and then use trained models to make
    │   │   │                 predictions
    │   │   ├── predict_model.py
    │   │   └── train_model.py
    │   │
    │   └── visualization  <- Scripts to create exploratory and results oriented visualizations
    │       └── visualize.py
    │
    └── tox.ini            <- tox file with settings for running tox; see tox.readthedocs.io


--------

<p><small>Project based on the <a target="_blank" href="https://drivendata.github.io/cookiecutter-data-science/">cookiecutter data science project template</a>. #cookiecutterdatascience</small></p>
